# Release manifest for OpenSourceProjectInAWebContrib
data/OSS/AnsweredQuestions.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/AskedQuestions.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/AssignedBugTo.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/AssignedQuestions.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/AssignedQuestionTo.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/BugReport2009x04x11x232826.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/BugReport2009x04x11x233037.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/BugReportForm.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/BugReports.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/BugReportTemplate.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/BugStatus.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ClosedUnanswered.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/CreateBugReport.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/CreateFeatureRequest.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/CreatePatchTopic.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/CreateRelatedProjectTopic.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/CreateSupportQuestion.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/FeatureRequest2009x04x12x100532.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/FeatureRequestForm.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/FeatureRequests.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/FeatureRequestStatus.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/FeatureRequestTemplate.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/FrequentlyAskedQuestions.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/InstallationGuide.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/KennethLavrsenFoswikiApplicationLicense.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/MailingList.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/NotScheduled.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchCancelled.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchDependencies.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchEditTemplate.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchForm.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchForVersion.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchHandledBy.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchInProgress.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchStatus.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchSubmittedBy.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchTesting.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PatchVersion.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/PlannedPatch.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ProgramPatches.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ProjectStatus.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ProjectSubmitter.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ProjectSummary.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/RelatedProjects.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/RelatedProjectsForm.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/RelatedProjectsTemplate.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ReleasedIncluded.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ReleasedNotIncluded.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ReleasedSnapshot.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ReleaseVersion.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/RoadMap.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/ScheduledForVersion.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/SubmittedBy.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/SupportEditTemplate.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/SupportForm.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/SupportGuidelines.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/SupportQuestion2009x04x12x122757.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/SupportRequests.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/SupportStatus.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/TestPatch.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/TestRelatedProject.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/TopicTitle.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/UserGuide.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebAtom.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebChanges.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebCreateNewTopic.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebHome.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebIndex.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebLeftBar.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebNotify.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebPreferences.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebRss.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebSearch.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebSearchAdvanced.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebStatistics.txt 0644 Documentation
data/OSS/WebTopicList.txt 0644 Documentation
data/System/OpenSourceProjectInAWebContrib.txt 0644 Documentation
